The plan is approved with ONE required architectural correction before implementation.

The adaptive engine's RATING MATH remains frozen, but Phase 3 match evidence must genuinely affect future training generation.

Do not mutate long-term skill ratings directly from match events.

However:

computeMatchPriorityBoost()
must feed into the limiting-factor / recommendation path that generateSession() actually uses.

The required end-to-end flow is:

raw Match / Frame / FrameEvent data
→ derived match evidence
→ impact + recency weighting
→ match-aware limiting-factor contribution
→ effective current limiting factor
→ session weighting / drill selection
→ next adaptive training session

It is NOT sufficient for match evidence to appear only in the dashboard or match summary.

If the existing generateSession() internally recomputes a training-only limiting factor, introduce the smallest clean integration point necessary.

Preferred approaches:

1. Add an optional derived/coaching-context argument or limiting-factor override to session generation,

OR

2. Add a thin orchestration layer such as:

generateAdaptiveSession(profile, matches, minutes)

which computes the effective match-aware limiting factor and passes it into the existing frozen engine functions.

Do NOT rewrite the Phase 2.1 rating, confidence, root-cause, ruleset, maintenance, or session-selection algorithms.

The engine is "frozen" in the sense that its proven core logic must not be redesigned; a minimal integration seam for match-derived priority is explicitly authorised.

Also ensure:

- deleting/editing match data immediately recomputes this derived influence
- one poor match cannot directly collapse skill ratings
- repeated high-impact match evidence can change the primary training focus
- ruleset-sensitive match evidence remains ruleset-specific
- training and match evidence remain distinguishable
- tests BF, BG and BN prove the match-aware limiting factor actually changes generated training content, not merely a displayed summary

After incorporating this correction, proceed with the existing Phase 3 task plan.